This bracelet is yours. That's right.
This bracelet is our whole family
Unexpectedly, it was stolen by Lu Qinghuan, a bitch
You are the world with this bracelet
A birthday present from the Shen family
Lu Qinghuan
You have to give me everything you took from the Shen family
All back
Who is it? You Lu Qinghuan have a fold in your hand
That fold belongs to Bermunian's sweetheart
Who can get that fold?
Who can get Guo Mulian
Since you like it
Then I'll give it back to you.
Just hide the little vest you gave me first
Ah, to Lu Jiahuan, he is a routine
Yeah, maybe
I just think that the Lu family raises pigs in the mountains
Can't live a hard life
So I stole this bracelet
Who told you to go to the Lu family to get divorced?
Come back to me now
uncle aunt
It seems that this marriage still has to be annulled.
Shen An'an, right?
I remember you.
Lu Qinghua
So what if you are the richest daughter now?
I'll tell you what.
Your older brother's sweetheart will only be you
Just a poor guy who got divorced as soon as he got home
Bar
Mom and Dad, let's go
Shen Jia and Shen An have the same virtue
Little sister must have had a hard time in the past
Even the only surgery was robbed
The little sister is now divorced
Must be very unhappy
dick
What to do?